I have a static line attached to my back
and then on an action I have to jump out
almost like a swan dive until the line
catches me up and then just do a giant
pendulum burden ether arakata
that was a hell of a pendulum that was
going to take me back to where I just
came from so as I as I hit the bottom of
the pendulum the pile that just took all
my momentum out and then just swung me
around
that's something one that I've never
really seen done before until you know
I've never done anything quite as hairy
as that it's because you jumping into
the unknown that's the closest I've
actually felt a plague but you get the
wind in your hair and everything and
it's it was a rush
and we were recording all of this to
look you know when Batman does do a jump
in Hong Kong
how would he drop how would he fly how
would it work
at the end of the day the bureaucratic
difficulties of filming in a major city
with helicopters to do that stunt for
real on location proved just B to
impossible and with a restricted all the
other things we were trying to do in
Hong Kong so we wound up adopting visual
effects approach instead for that what
we basically did was that we shot IMAX
tiles and digital stills of the whole
landscape of Hong Kong and having shot
those we then went back to Coddington
and we built an enormous green screen an
enormous green screen to pare back down
below and we did a descender die
you